---
page_title: "visionone_cam_connect_azure_subscriptions Data Source - visionone"
subcategory: "Azure"
description: |-
  Data source for retrieving cloud accounts from Trend Micro Vision One Cloud Account Management.
---

# visionone_cam_connect_azure_subscriptions (Data Source)

Data source for retrieving cloud accounts from Trend Micro Vision One Cloud Account Management.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    visionone = {
      source = "trendmicro/vision-one"
    }
  }
}

provider "visionone" {
  api_key       = "<your_vision_one_api_key>"
  regional_fqdn = "<regional_fqdn>" # e.g., "https://api.xdr.trendmicro.com"
}

data "visionone_cam_connect_azure_subscriptions" "cam_connected_azure_subscriptions" {
  top   = 50        # Optional: limit the number of results, e.g., 25 50 100 500 1000 5000
  state = "managed" # Optional: filter by state, e.g., "managed", "outdated", "failed"
}


output "cam_connected_azure_subscriptions" {
  value = jsondecode(jsonencode(data.visionone_cam_connect_azure_subscriptions.cam_connected_azure_subscriptions.cloud_accounts))
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `state` (String) Current state of the cloud account.
- `subscription_ids` (List of String) List of Azure subscription IDs to filter the cloud accounts.
- `top` (Number) Maximum number of cloud accounts to return.

### Read-Only

- `cloud_accounts` (Attributes List) List of cloud accounts managed by Trend Micro Vision One Cloud Account Management. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_accounts))

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_accounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_accounts`

Optional:

- `application_id` (String) Azure application ID for the cloud account.
- `cam_deployed_region` (String) The region where CAM is deployed.
- `cloud_asset_count` (Number) Number of cloud assets in the account.
- `connected_security_services` (Attributes List) Connected security services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_accounts--connected_security_services))
- `created_date_time` (String) Date and time when the account was created.
- `description` (String) Description of the cloud account.
- `features` (Attributes List) Features enabled for the cloud account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_accounts--features))
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the cloud account.
- `is_cam_cloud_asrm_enabled` (Boolean) Whether CAM Cloud ASRM is enabled.
- `is_cloud_asrm_editable` (Boolean) Whether Cloud ASRM is editable.
- `is_cloud_asrm_enabled` (Boolean) Whether Cloud ASRM is enabled.
- `is_terraform_deployed` (Boolean) Whether the account was deployed via Terraform.
- `last_synced_date_time` (String) Date and time of last synchronization.
- `name` (String) The name of the cloud account.
- `sources` (List of String) Sources for the cloud account.
- `state` (String) Current state of the cloud account.
- `subscription_ids` (List of String) List of Azure subscription IDs associated with the cloud account.
- `tenant_id` (String) Azure tenant ID.
- `updated_date_time` (String) Date and time when the account was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_accounts--connected_security_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_accounts.connected_security_services`

Read-Only:

- `instance_ids` (List of String) List of instance IDs.
- `name` (String) Name of the security service.


<a id="nestedatt--cloud_accounts--features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_accounts.features`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Feature ID.
- `regions` (List of String) Regions where the feature is enabled.
- `template_version` (String) Template version for the feature.

## Import
Will supported coming soon.